(wind whooshing)
(soft music)
(birds chirping)
♪ Caught up in heaven, but
your heaven ain't the same ♪
♪ And I've never been a saint, have I ♪
♪ This evanescence always
fleeting like a flame ♪
♪ But I'm never one to change, am I ♪
♪ Call it a lesson when
I feel you slide away ♪
♪ And I'm missin' out on half my life ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
(gentle music)
♪ Hang on to moments like
they'll never drift away ♪
♪ 'Cause you'll never get to say goodbye ♪
♪ I ask no questions as your
colors take their hold ♪
♪ As my darkness turns to gold inside ♪
♪ I learned my lesson when
I felt you slip away ♪
♪ And I'm missing out on half my life ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
(intense music)
♪ Caught up in heaven, but
your heaven ain't the same ♪
♪ But I've never been a saint, have I ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪